Fetch linked-libraries from Scarb metadata (#1641)
software-mansion/protostar: website/docs/cli-reference.md

#### `--contract-name STRING`
Specify a contract name that should be built.
#### `--linked-libraries PATH[]`

> Paths to cairo1 modules. Shouldn't be explicitly provided when managing dependencies using Scarb.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Paths to cairo1 modules. Should not be explicitly provided when managing dependencies using Scarb.
```

It's strange to me when software is using informal english
